MEB-134, MEB-132: Logo fixes, icon updates, useage guidelines (#15)
metabrainz/metabrainz-logos: README.md

  <a href="logos/ListenBrainz/"> <img src="logos/All%20Logos/ListenBrainz.svg" alt="ListenBrainz" title="ListenBrainz" width="19%"></a>  
  <a href="logos/BookBrainz/"> <img src="logos/All%20Logos/BookBrainz.svg" alt="BookBrainz" title="BookBrainz" width="19%"></a>  
  <a href="logos/AcousticBrainz/"> <img src="logos/All%20Logos/AccousticBrainz.svg" alt="AcousticBrainz" title="AcousticBrainz" width="19%"></a>  
  <a href="logos/CritiqueBrainz/"> <img src="logos/All%20Logos/CritiqueBrainz.svg" alt="CritiqueBrainz" title="CritiqueBrainz" width="19%"></a>  
  <a href="logos/Picard/"> <img src="logos/All%20Logos/MusicBrainz%20Picard.svg" alt="Picard" title="Picard" width="19%"></a>  
  <a href="logos/Cover Art Archive/"> <img src="logos/All%20Logos/CoverArtArchive.svg" alt="CoverArtArchive" title="CoverArtArchive" width="19%"></a>  
  <a href="logos/MessyBrainz/"> <img src="logos/All%20Logos/MessyBrainz.svg" alt="MessyBrainz" title="MessyBrainz" width="19%"></a>  
  <a href="logos/MetaBrainz Community/"> <img src="logos/All%20Logos/MetaBrainz%20Community.svg" alt="MetaBrainz Community" title="MetaBrainz Community" width="19%"></a>  
</div>

# Guidelines

## Sizes

> Use logo sizings consistently across projects. For instance, *Brainz logo mini* is used as the top left logo across all MB database project pages. When unsure, refer to prior projects and useage.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use logo sizings consistently across projects. For instance, *Brainz logo mini* is used as the top left logo across all MetaBrainz projects. When unsure, refer to prior projects and useage.</br>
```

><img src="logos/MetaBrainz/SVG/MetaBrainz_logo_icon.svg" alt="MetaBrainz icon" height="24px"> / <img src="logos/MetaBrainz/SVG/MetaBrainz_logo_mini.svg" alt="MetaBrainz logo mini" height="23px"></br>
>*Brainz icon / Brainz logo mini*</br>
>No minimum

><img src="icons/metabrainz-icon-detail.svg" alt="MetaBrainz icon detail" height="34px"> / <img src="logos/MetaBrainz/SVG/MetaBrainz_logo_small.svg" alt="MetaBrainz logo small" height="33px"></br>
>*Brainz icon detail / Brainz logo small*</br>
>Minimum height: 33px/12mm</br>
>Under this size details can get unclear and distracting, particularly for visually impaired users.

><img src="logos/MetaBrainz/SVG/MetaBrainz_logo_no_text.svg" alt="MetaBrainz logo no text" height="58px"> / <img src="logos/MetaBrainz/SVG/MetaBrainz_logo.svg" alt="MetaBrainz logo" height="55px"></br>
>*Brainz logo no text / Brainz logo*</br>
>Minimum height: 55px/20mm</br>
>Ideally has generous sizing and space to breathe. If the page/app/context is very busy, consider using a simpler icon instead.

> \*a logo may display fine at a smaller size, but other project logos have more detail, and won’t. Smaller sizes makes consistent logo display across projects difficult and is to be avoided. However there may be fringe cases it is appropriate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\*a specific logo may display fine at a smaller size, but other project logos have more detail, and won’t. Smaller sizes make consistent logo display across projects difficult and are to be avoided. However there may be fringe cases where using smaller sizes is appropriate.
```

Author: Thanks Reo! I had pretty much *exactly* written what you had, but shortened it! Very happy to have a second eye on it all, thank you.

Question: If I hit 'commit suggestion' on all of these is it making the pull request complicated again/do I have to squash stuff? Or am I overthinking it and can just 'commit suggestion' and not worry about it.

Reviewer 3: “Commit suggestion” will just add a commit to your pull request, so it is usually safe to click on it. If you want to keep your pull request tidy, you can always reorganize the commits after pulling the branch from GitHub to your local working copy.

## Spacing

> ><img src="documentation/images/logo_margin.png" alt="stretched logo" height="137px"></br>

Reviewer 2: You already have `alt="stretched logo"` further down, maybe differentiate this somehow? :)

Author: Oops, got lost in the cut and paste. What's the best way for me to change this at this stage in the process/with a pull request under review?

Author: Updated! Thanks @yvanzo

>Allow for enough space around Brainz project logos. Ideally, one ‘half honeycomb’ on all sides.

## Don'ts

><img src="documentation/images/dont_stretch.png" alt="stretched logo" height="33px"></br>
>*Don't* stretch the logo.

><img src="documentation/images/dont_effects.png" alt="logo with drop shadow effect added" height="33px"></br>

> >*Don't* alter the logo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>*Don't* alter the logo or add effects such as drop shadows, embossing, etc.
```

Author: > The ListenBrainz logo has changed since the redesign, and all of the LB files (illustrator as well as exports) need to be updated to reflect that.
> Here is the illustrator file for v2 of the logo: https://ufile.io/eccjm5zg
> We should probably keep the old version too for posterity (at least the illustrator files?).

Thanks Monkey!

While updating the LB files I've come across an inconsistency I didn't spot before, in regards to using Roboto or Roboto Condensed. In the 'factory' files it's usually Condensed, but based on what we've actually used on the site icons etc it should probably just be Roboto? Or did you want Condensed for some of the narrower formats.

(this will cause most of the 'factory' exported files to get updated again)

><img src="documentation/images/dont_opacity.png" alt="logo at half opacity" height="33px"></br>
>*Don't* change the logo opacity

> 

Reviewer: A suggestion for one more "don't" which may not be obvious to everybody.
> *Don't* use the logo on a busy or colorful background

As for an example, perhaps a checkered or color gradient background?

Author: Added - resolve if you're happy with it :)

  <a href="logos/MetaBrainz Community/"> <img src="logos/All%20Logos/MetaBrainz%20Community.svg" alt="MetaBrainz Community" title="MetaBrainz Community" width="19%"></a>  
</div>

# Guidelines

## Sizes
Use logo sizings consistently across projects. For instance, *Brainz logo mini* is used as the top left logo across all MetaBrainz projects. When unsure, refer to prior projects and useage.</br>
Although the icons should never be smaller than the minimum sizes\*, you may increase sizes as you wish. For instance, the usually small *Brainz icon* can be used in a very large format, if required.

><img src="logos/MetaBrainz/SVG/MetaBrainz_logo_icon.svg" alt="MetaBrainz icon" height="24px"> / <img src="logos/MetaBrainz/SVG/MetaBrainz_logo_mini.svg" alt="MetaBrainz logo mini" height="23px"></br>
>*Brainz icon / Brainz logo mini*</br>
>No minimum

><img src="icons/metabrainz-icon-detail.svg" alt="MetaBrainz icon detail" height="34px"> / <img src="logos/MetaBrainz/SVG/MetaBrainz_logo_small.svg" alt="MetaBrainz logo small" height="33px"></br>
>*Brainz icon detail / Brainz logo small*</br>

> >Minimum height: 33px/12mm</br>

Reviewer 4: Not sure if it is relevant, but on desktop a typical icon size is 32px, and for Picard we start using this icon at that size.

We originally had been using the no detail icon there, but the one with more detail was nicer in many circumstances. See https://github.com/metabrainz/picard/commit/660d5948b07ecfaf797fed7f1c263ac471a6cd05

Author: Wow, pretty close though! Thanks, I've dropped the minimum to 32px to reflect what was tested and worked. I left the print (mm) minimum the same.
